
This document describes a general method of electronic sensing, recording, 
and viewing data using the following components:

1. Sensors
2. Intel Edison microprocessor with Arduino break-out board
3. Server: file server, web server
4. Software: Linux, rrd tools, python, mraa libraries, ...

Task: Read Analog Sensor Data with Edison

      Analog sensors are directly connected to the Edison on the "ANALOG IN" 
      pins A0 through A5.  The voltage at these pins is accessible 
      in Python script using the mraa libraries.  For example, to store the 
      voltage at analog pin 0 in a usre-defined variable named "photocell," one can 
      write: 
      "photocell = mraa.Aio(0)" 
            
Task: Store and Process Incoming Data

     Create RRD file: Install rrdpython libraries, and include their location in the Path.  
     Create a Round Robin Database (RRD) using rrdtools. Sensor readings can be
     writen to the database using the rrdtools update function.  Linux cron tool
     can be used to run a script at a time interval. 
     Translate RRD file: Edison-generated RRD file is not compatible with 
     64 bit server architecture.  Use "rrdtool dump photocell.rrd photocell.xml" 
     to generate transferable xml file.  
     SCP the xml file from the Edison to the server - excute scp on the server
     because the edison cannot generate ssh keys, but can receive them from 
     server.
     Restore the database on the server using 
     "rrdool restore photocell.xml ~/photocell.rrd 
     Use rrd-cgi to make charts in real time when the cgi scripts are called from web page.
  
     RRD guidance found here: https://oss.oetiker.ch/rrdtool/tut/rrdtutorial.en.html
     
Sensor Types:
      Light intensity:
      Temperature:
      Relative humidity:
      Distance sensor (UT, IR):
      Pressure (Air, water, hydraulic fluid)
      Accelerometer/vibration sensors: Determine if edison sample rate 
      is fast enough to generate useful waveforms from these sensors.  will
      RRDtool be useful for this data?

